{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 oh i am behind. comon jack brett, you've got to do this. just snap out of it\
okay, what will we write about. we can write about anything at all\
what to write about\
we left off yesterday with him biking furiously home after a date. i think maybe we'll need to lose the bike on the next draft. something tells me it's more interesting if he drives a car. maybe not. \
the date was bad. he just talked about $initium.\
then he realizes his life is on a recursive loop. we'll have to tie that into the plotline about the life forms evolving in the new universe. HE HELPS THEM EVOLVE. WHY CAN'T HE EVOLVE HIMSELF?\
\
yeah, so what happens next?\
he's a programmer. he's probably got a team of QA testers reviewing his updates and such. what kind of bugs would they assign? and what stage are his programs operating currently? are they just in virtual simulated organisms thus far? or are they trying this with real organisms?\
\
let's open the next scene with $lee, the experiment leader. he's talking to his girlfriend $jess (yes, THE JESS) about it. she's being her helpful self, asking him the right questions to get him to the answer. she even prepares his drug cocktail for him, based on what type of inspiration he needs. she's become a master chef.\
\
yes, so $lee is wrestling with an issue. what issue? their gonna lose their funding. they were given funding to create a reprogrammable cell. why? ah yes, because if we can create a batch of cells and just be able to tell them what to do, we can program them to search and destroy all cancer cells, and touch NOTHING ELSE. \
YESYESYESYESYES. I have a good starting point now! This had nothing to do with space at the beginning. NASA, black holes, time dilation, those things aren't involved yet. It's just for medical research. $jack is the junior programmer and $will is the lead. \
$lee is trying to figure out how to get our manufactured DNA to be synthesized by an actual cell. so far it had just been synthesized by the computer which would simulate the cell's theoretical behavior. \
actually no, $lee and his team have already been able to construct a synthetic cell which can synthesize DNA and thus replicate.\
the issue is, \
}