{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22000\viewh13440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs44 \cf0 stream of consciousness stream of consciousness. i have to write that story for jess. i haven't even started. but that's what i ddo now. i write stories. so i have to do one for jess obviuosly. wow, i don't really get a weekend this weekend. i should be getting more rest. i'll be road-trippin to so ca. ob boy\
here's the story:\
in hawaiian creation myth, our universe is only the last in a long series of universe revisions, of which our universe is the incumbent. but something survives from one universe to the next. something always does. \
\
When one universe was exposed to the other, anything living on the one with less mass will \
\
there was a huge fireball as well, but down at the ocean floor she barely felt it. the loss of gravity probably caused her to bounce around a little in her cave, but...there were no bones to break. She was just fine. \
\
You know how the pressure regulator of a scuba tank is super duper important because if your lungs were exposed to the pressure in the tank they would literally explode? That same sort of concept applies to two isolated spacetime environments.\
\
Turn energy (from outside the vessel) into time inside the vessel.\
\
Because creating a manmade universe carries the possibility of an advanced species evolving intelligence and behavior similar to humans, it carries the moral implication of having started a new chain of pain and suffering in the form of new Dark Ages, Holocausts, etc. Plus, such a species might eventually create their own universes. Launching a perpetual chain of suffering is not the best way to start a thesis, so it's the ironic policy of the lab to destroy the universe the moment intelligent life starts to form.\
\
From our point of view, the child universe will look like a microscopic black hole that emits a bit of Hawking radiation near the event horizon and then vanishes.\
Event horizon is a boundary in spacetime beyond which events cannot affect an outside observer. In layman's terms, it is defined as "the point of no return", i.e. - the point at which the gravitational pull becomes so great as to make escape impossible.\
Theoretically, any amount of matter will become a black hole if compressed into a space that fits within its corresponding Schwarzschild radius. for the sun, the radius is about 3 km, for earth it's about 9 mm.\
\
\
About thirty years ago the University of Maryland announced that their labs had created universes \'97 tiny little versions of our own \'97 in their labs using a solution of light, magnetic field, and cobalt. Five years later we at the University of Massachussetts built a bigger lab (Mass Multiverse) with more cobalt and a stronger magnetic field, and we were able to create universes that didn't vanish out of existence five nanoseconds after being born. It was one of those moments where the possibilities were endless. We had the tools to make our own separate 'Minkowski' universe where \'97 assuming the same gravitational principles on a much smaller scale \'97 we could make time pass as slowly or as quickly as we wanted, because we could always add more mass to our little universe by nudging the so-called 
\i sun dial 
\i0 which just fed more kerosene into our artificial supernova and got it spewing out the periodic table faster that you could say "\{hashtag\} science". Despite the fact that we had all the shielding we needed between us and our little universe, the Boston "Mass-holes" learned that the campus where their kids do lab homework not only sits atop an ocean of rocket fuel, but could 
\i possibly 
\i0 be catastrophically exposed to a significant spacetime breach and undergo an accelerated Lorentz transformation
\i  
\i0 with
\i  unknown consequences 
\i0 blah blah blah. Of course they freaked out and protested as if we were keeping unshielded nuclear waste in here. Congress started the process of shutting us down. Then \'97 in what I still claim to be a eureka moment \'97 I said "let's launch our universes into space". It made perfect sense and they loved it. With what was left of our funding and a little help from NASA we launched our little cobalt eggs (the universes waiting to be born) into earth's orbit. We should've sent them into the moon's orbit because if we're gonna create a "Minkowski universe" with its own separate idea of spacetime and we somehow screw that up...well it would be better to accidentally blow up the moon than the earth. But alas the engineers determined that the fuel expended in getting our "universe capsules" up there would severely limit how long we could keep them burning with superheat and thus how much of the periodic table our universes would have on hand.\
\
\
accidentally blow something up better the moon than the earth,  but the amount of rocket fuel we'd waste getting that far would really limit how long we could keep our little "sun" burning.\
\
About twenty years ago the University of Massachussetts began inviting any student defending a thesis to make use of the Mass Multiverse lab (M&M). In a nutshell, we had finally figured out time travel. Well, sort of. We were \
\
\
We can't control anything in the manmade galaxy except for the matter-spewing supernova. But because we control the spewing of matter to some degree, it is easier to create the earth-like conditions most likely to develop life.\
\
node = lab-generated universe\
The way time works inside a node: time passes as normal, but because we're in an outside frame of reference, we can view any point in the node's timeline by modifying the light properties read by the Lorentz scope. Thus, if the node descends into chaos at point x in the timeline, we can set the $variableSupernova to destroy it at a time prior to x.\
\
Chemical signature of the sun is identical to that of the lights in the laboratory. Shining light through a prism reveals many things about the object emitting the light, including chemical composition. Chemicals are identified by the unique patterns of light or dark bands that cut across the spectrum. \
Lab geeks could use a prism-like instrument that separates the light and analyzes the composition of the light source, in this case the sun in the new universe.\
\
The scientists create an Arduino-driven $spaceRover to send through the black hole. It assembles itself on the other side. Recharges itself by finding salt water and electrolyzing.\
\
Helium was the first and only element to be discovered somewhere other than earth. It was found in the sun, by evaluating its composition deduced from the light analysis. it was originally called Helios (the sun). It wasn't discovered in the lab until later. Now we call it Helium.\
\
Wait wait....maybe we don't need to have them create a black hole by squeezing matter together. We just find a black hole and send in the equipment to create a controlled rupture of space and time, thus belching out a ton of matter which will clump together by gravity (universal laws apply) and create a new universe. Nothing typically exists inside a black hole, but one thing it does have is nearly infinite space. Like a blank canvas with endless possibilities, awaiting the loving touch of the painter.\
\
If this solar system was constructed to be an exact replica of our own, why isn't there an exact replica of me? Because the mana (the "life") we impregnate them with is always different. Different cellular starting points means completely different evolutionary timeline. We figure they'll be subject to the same universal laws in an environment identical to earth, so it's just a matter of 
\i time 
\i0 before they develop into beings more or less like us, and 
\i time 
\i0 is something we can see at an greatly accelerated rate because of the time dilation.\
the life of a skin cell is only $lifeOfSkinCell, but in that adds up to about 2x10^2189 years inside the separate spacetime environment. And for some reason, those cells even after traveling through the spacetime curtain into the accelerated frame, still age as if they were in the frame where they were born. They are not subjected to the time acceleration of their new home. So given that we had 2x10^2189 years to work with those cells were for all intents and purposes, immortal. They were pretty much guaranteed\
\
There was no way to know if the cells they brought back from the hole were they same ones that went in, but we'll imply that the octopus \'97 being the last inhabitant of the planet \'97 carries one or more of the original universe-birthing cells because it crawls back into the Osiris pond when it runs out of food. That's where the initial batch of cells was planted by the rovers so it implies the cell is returning home.\
\
In the sun, at about 15 million degrees Kelvin (10 million in other stars), hydrogen nuclei, positively charged after being long denuded of their lone electron, reach high enough speeds to overcome the Coulomb barrier and slam into each other to create helium with the release of some energy as light through thermonuclear fusion. \
We don't have the instruments to get a true picture of whatever sits behind the spacetime curtain we blast open on $rip, but the data suggests it's basically a huge space packed with wall-to-wall hydrogen atoms at a high pressure, distributed uniformly with no law of gravity forcing them to clump together. Thus, open a doorway to our universe and a flood of H atoms will rush in at a high speed. Their sudden, catastrophic exposure to the law of gravity will force them together. And new stars are born. We can control the size of the $rip, thus the speed at which the gas enters, thus the distance they travel before slowing down and sticking together.\
\
New angle on incorporating the Arduino-driven sattelite: the actual $rip is done by NASA equipment, but some Earth-based "space hackers" are able to upload their code to a reprogrammable $microController to manipulate the experiment in some way.\
A better direction to take that is \'97 oh looks like i've already done it. Make the $spaceRover (instead of the sattelite) the thing that's driven by the reprogrammable $microController. Of the 45 $spaceRover units deployed into the node, 44 of them could only be reprogrammed by NASA as they only understood NASA's proprietary scripting languages, but one of them was reprogrammable by Python scripts uploaded via public key authentication. It was intended for university students. An all-terrain vehicle sitting atop a mountain on an earth-like planet in an alternate universe, equipped with all the \
\
Main character: he loves drugs. Because drugs can help him think. With the right amount of nootropics (smart drugs), entheogens (hallucinogens), and of course recreational drugs (alcohol, coffee), he can make his mind work in whatever way he wants. His states of scientific lunacy render him unable to respond intelligibly to whatever love interest might be trying to usurp his attention so he remains forever single, but the fact that he can control his own doses and thus his cognitive state gives him the ability to think about concepts in whatever way he needs to to break them down into their relevant parts. USE THE DRUGS A LOT. Emphasize the drug cocktail he chooses to ingest before any interaction or important event.\
\
The next generation of evolution after our species' development of empathy \'97 or considering the needs of the immediate group before oneself \'97 is consideration of the needs of our distant ancestors or even the species that will not exist for millions of years.\
\
Maybe the space hacker does his thing for religious reasons. He's a brilliant tech mind raised by Christian parents and hired in his adult life by an organization of religious zealots bent on the notion that mankind is not meant to know our own fate\
\
FYI I am in a great position to write science vs religion narratives. Just saying.\
\
say something important. INFORMATION. WE NEED IT. that is what has kept us alive. more of the entirety of human-learned information concentrated evenly among MORE AND MORE PEOPLE. more discoveries. faster progress. knowledge knowledge knowledge.\
\
"In the end was the word. And the word was 
\i man
\i0 . And the word was 
\i with 
\i0 man." \'97 John Steinbeck, Nobel Prize acceptance speech\
\
Think of it. I couldn't attain this state of consciousness until I started thinking objectively. I couldn't think objectively until all of the raw data was immediately and conveniently available. \
\
\
\
$spaceRover = the vessels that explore the little universe. they must pass through the black hole so they are designed to be rugged and to break apart on entry and re-assemble themselves inside. The brain of each unit is a reprogrammable $microController\
$lifeOfSkinCell = how long does a typical skin cell live?\
$rip = controlled tear in the fabric of spacetime to cause a flood of matter\
$microController = a brand name, an open source Arduino-like IoT platform\
\
}