{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17200\viewh13060\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs44 \cf0 stream of consciousness stream of consciousness. i have to write that story for jess. i haven't even started. but that's what i ddo now. i write stories. so i have to do one for jess obviuosly. wow, i don't really get a weekend this weekend. i should be getting more rest. i'll be road-trippin to so ca. ob boy\
here's the story:\
in hawaiian creation myth, our universe is only the last in a long series of universe revisions, of which our universe is the incumbent. but something survives from one universe to the next. something always does. \
\
When one universe was exposed to the other, anything living on the one with less mass will \
\
there was a huge fireball as well, but down at the ocean floor she barely felt it. the loss of gravity probably caused her to bounce around a little in her cave, but...there were no bones to break. She was just fine. \
\
You know how the pressure regulator of a scuba tank is super duper important because if your lungs were exposed to the pressure in the tank they would literally explode? That same sort of concept applies to two isolated spacetime environments.\
\
Turn energy (from outside the vessel) into time inside the vessel.\
\
Because creating a manmade universe carries the possibility of an advanced species evolving intelligence and behavior similar to humans, it carries the moral implication of having started a new chain of pain and suffering in the form of new Dark Ages, Holocausts, etc. Plus, such a species might eventually create their own universes. Launching a perpetual chain of suffering is not the best way to start a thesis, so it's the ironic policy of the lab to destroy the universe the moment intelligent life starts to form.\
\
From our point of view, the child universe will look like a microscopic black hole that emits a bit of Hawking radiation near the event horizon and then vanishes.\
Event horizon is a boundary in spacetime beyond which events cannot affect an outside observer. In layman's terms, it is defined as "the point of no return", i.e. - the point at which the gravitational pull becomes so great as to make escape impossible.\
Theoretically, any amount of matter will become a black hole if compressed into a space that fits within its corresponding Schwarzschild radius. for the sun, the radius is about 3 km, for earth it's about 9 mm.\
\
\
About thirty years ago the University of Maryland announced that their labs had created universes \'97 tiny little versions of our own \'97 in their labs using a solution of light, magnetic field, and cobalt. Five years later we at the University of Massachussetts built a bigger lab (Mass Multiverse) with more cobalt and a stronger magnetic field, and we were able to create universes that didn't vanish out of existence five nanoseconds after being born. It was one of those moments where the possibilities were endless. We had the tools to make our own separate 'Minkowski' universe where \'97 assuming the same gravitational principles on a much smaller scale \'97 we could make time pass as slowly or as quickly as we wanted, because we could always add more mass to our little universe by nudging the so-called 
\i sun dial 
\i0 which just fed more kerosene into our artificial supernova and got it spewing out the periodic table faster that you could say "\{hashtag\} science". Despite the fact that we had all the shielding we needed between us and our little universe, the Boston "Mass-holes" learned that the campus where their kids do lab homework not only sits atop an ocean of rocket fuel, but could 
\i possibly 
\i0 be catastrophically exposed to a significant spacetime breach and undergo an accelerated Lorentz transformation
\i  
\i0 with
\i  unknown consequences 
\i0 blah blah blah. Of course they freaked out and protested as if we were keeping unshielded nuclear waste in here. Congress started the process of shutting us down. Then \'97 in what I still claim to be a eureka moment \'97 I said "let's launch our universes into space". It made perfect sense and they loved it. With what was left of our funding and a little help from NASA we launched our little cobalt eggs (the universes waiting to be born) into earth's orbit. We should've sent them into the moon's orbit because if we're gonna create a "Minkowski universe" with its own separate idea of spacetime and we somehow screw that up...well it would be better to accidentally blow up the moon than the earth. But alas the engineers determined that the fuel expended in getting our "universe capsules" up there would severely limit how long we could keep them burning with superheat and thus how much of the periodic table our universes would have on hand.\
\
\
accidentally blow something up better the moon than the earth,  but the amount of rocket fuel we'd waste getting that far would really limit how long we could keep our little "sun" burning.\
\
About twenty years ago the University of Massachussetts began inviting any student defending a thesis to make use of the Mass Multiverse lab (M&M). In a nutshell, we had finally figured out time travel. Well, sort of. We were \
\
\
We can't control anything in the manmade galaxy except for the matter-spewing supernova. But because we control the spewing of matter to some degree, it is easier to create the earth-like conditions most likely to develop life.}